Creating a release plan (#15)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/advanced-how-tos/releasing/create-release-plan.adoc

kind: ReleasePlan
metadata:
 labels:
   release.appstudio.openshift.io/auto-release: 'true'
 name: sre-production <.>
 namespace: dev-workspace <.>
spec:
 application: demo-app <.>
 data: <key> <.>
 pipelineRef: <pipeline_ref> <.>
 serviceAccount:  <service-account> <.>
 target: managed-workspace <.>
----

+
<.> The name of the release plan.
<.> The development team's workspace.
<.> The name of the application that you want to deploy to the managed workspace.
<.> Optional: An unstructured key used for providing data for the managed Pipeline.
<.> Optional: Reference to the Pipeline to be executed by the release service.
<.> Optional: The name of the service account to use in the Pipeline to gain elevated privileges. It's used only if you have defined the `pipelineRef` value.
<.> The workspace to which the system deploys the application. This workspace is created by the Managed environment team (for example, your organization's SRE team)

. In the development workspace, apply the `ReleasePlan.yaml` file and add the resource to your cluster by running the following command:

+
[source,shell]
----
$ oc apply -f ReleasePlan.yaml -n dev
----

.*Verification*

> . On the Trusted Application Pipeline console, select the *Release services* > *Release plan* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the Konflux console, select the *Release services* > *Release plan* tab.
```
